c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.dll.config
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.pdb
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\obj\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.dll
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\obj\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.pdb
c:\users\lamberte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenWeatherMapApi\OpenWeatherMapApi\obj\Debug\OpenWeatherMapApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
